Blackmail the emperor
Then ask him to step aside immediately
This is crazy.
If the father does not issue an edict
If the emperor does not edict
Kill the emperor
Then make a false edict saying hahaha
I already knew you were scheming
Your Highness, hurry up and make a decision
What a hurry!
Wang Xun, you are crazy
How did you let the second brother kill the father?
Princess now
Did you see the real face of this guy?
Princess, I'll explain to you after this.
Liang
Time is running out.
It will be too late if you don't make a decision.
Let me see.
Reminds me of
No poison no husband
Love the people when you are enthroned
Be a good citizen
What about murdering the father?
No.
You must be bewitching me
I can't trust you.
I must not believe you.
I asked about life
I can't do it.
I can't do it, don't you want it?
Make a decision outside, okay?
You are so disappointing